doc: adjusted Sidewalk intro section (#366)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/index.rst

.. _index:

Welcome to the nRF Connect SDK - Amazon Sidewalk
################################################

Amazon Sidewalk is a shared network designed to provide a stable and reliable connection to your devices allowing them to work better at your home and outside of it.

> Every Ring and Echo device can act as a gateway device, meaning it can share a portion of internet bandwidth providing the connection and services to Sidewalk end devices.

Reviewer: Not every Ring and Echo device can be a Sidewalk gateway - there is a list in Amazon doc with supported devices https://docs.sidewalk.amazon/introduction/sidewalk-gateways.html

Author: added the reference

.. note::
   Amazon Sidewalk is available only in the United States of America.
   To an extent, any Sidewalk gateway functionality might be used outside of the U.S., however, it should be used only for the Amazon Sidewalk endpoint development purposes.
   In addition, we recommend that you consult with your local regulatory bodies, and check if the gateway is allowed to operate its radio in your locale, as U.S. license-free band devices, only for development.

> Amazon Sidewalk for the nRF Connect SDK is based on two variants, one using Bluetooth® LE (more suited for home applications) and the other one using sub-GHz with the Semtech SX1262 radio transceiver (for applications requiring longer range).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon Sidewalk for the nRF Connect SDK is based on two variants, one using Bluetooth® LE (more suited for home applications) and the other one using sub-GHz with the Semtech radio transceiver (for applications requiring longer range).
```
minor: less precise, but more futureproof

The latter also expands to two options: Sidewalk over LoRa and Sidewalk over FSK (having a shorter range but with higher throughput compared to LoRa).

> Amazon Sidewalk products can be tested and developed using the `nRF52840`_ SoC and the `nRF Connect SDK`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon Sidewalk products can be tested and developed using the nRF SoC together with the `nRF Connect SDK`_.
```
minor: Same as above
